What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
  git init creates a folder named .git in the directory and allows you to use
  git commands within the directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
  when you commit you save a screenshot in the repository, in order to make valuable
  and meaningful commits you need to track more than one changes that can occur over time.
  You can add files from working directory to staging area as you change them and
  proceed with the commit only when you reach a new state worth of a screenshot.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
  you can add modified files to staging area, than check all the changes using
  git diff, you can also look at the change between staging area and the last commit
  using git diff --staged.
  Finally when you think your staging area contains all related logical change you
  can commit them all in once.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
  Whenever I create a new experimental feature or a feature not directly related
  with the functionalities of the software (eg. new translation).
  Branches help because different person in the team can work indipendently at a
  feature of the software while others continue with the main development.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
  Branch structure looks like a tree, so you can draw diagrams to quickly identify
  the commit path and the entire structure of the repo.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
  The result is that we put all the commits of the two branches into one branch,
  ordered by date. We can represent this in the diagram by creating a new circle
  (a new commit) and connect the last circle of the two branches to this one.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
  The first approach is faster, the second one you have more control of the code.
